Link the contributing guide in README (#204)
COSIMA/cosima-recipes: README.md

To **Get Started** with the `cosima-cookbook`, clone this repository locally, probably best in your local space on one of the NCI HPC machines so you can have access to model output. The repository includes a bunch of examples with which you can begin to construct your own analysis code.

### Contributing

If you made a notebook for analysing something that is not already included in the recipes, then please consider **contributing back to the repository**.

> To make a contribution followe the steps layed out in the [beginner's guide on how to contribute](

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a contribution follow the steps laid out in the [beginner's guide on how to contribute](
```
